1. Share one aspect of building this project you found challenging and how you overcame it.

The biggest challenges I faced while building this project were dealing with the number of typos, logical errors, and small mistakes that were made while creating the three different CLI applications. Because some typos were so minor yet caused the entire program to stop working, it made finding such errors was often frustrating to locate such errors, with my only guide being the error message in the terminal. To figure out all the errors, I had to continuously find mistakes through trial and error. I tested every feature of each application and its different functionality multiple times to make sure it went as expected. Whenever an error appeared, I would know which section the error happen at and adjust the code accordingly. Sometimes, changing some code would lead to another issue, which caused me to modify the entire method. Repeating the testing process helped me smooth out my code and improve its quality of my code.

2. Share one technical concept that you gained a deeper understanding of through building this project. Explain that concept in simple terms and explain how it is used in your project.

One technical concept I gained a deeper understanding of through this project is the use of if statements. In simple terms, an if statement allows each application to make decisions based on whether a condition is true or not. Conditional statement where needed, especially in a part of my project where data needed to be added, removed, and updated. In the game show application, if a player answered the question correctly, the program increased their score, but if the player's input was incorrect, the program responded differently. If statements also helped with what-if scenarios, such as when a player entered a number outside the allowed range. With conditional statements, I was able to improve my understanding of classes to organize related code into data structures. Using classes made the program easier to manage, reuse, and expand, especially as the project grew in complexity.
